Okay, and then we had the
Loli Peppa Show and all that. Okay,
then we'll watch Consuelo and Antonio
David. Let's get rid of the LOL
and Peppa thing first. They've been
talking about the sanctuary. The
truth is that it's a good thing they've
shed some light on the
sanctuary because we were
worried about what could happen
to Frank. But anyway, the way she looks at him, the way she looks at him,
the eyes of a woman in love like
Peppa, no, she's completely
in love with Fran. I'm not going to look at it,
obviously, because it's driving me crazy. Let's
see, let's listen to what
Peppa has to say about this subject. Do we have a
sanctuary or don't we have a sanctuary? Peppa,
who'll say it later, oh my goodness, she's
bringing trouble. By the way, Peppa is
now without teeth, okay, you have to
listen a little more
to find out. Okay, let's see
because of course Loli says that what
Fran has is a
spa. Okay, then, of course, eh,
Fran thought he had a sanctuary and
the otters were there. The spa,
cool as a breeze, there, having a nice Sunday. Handsome,
right?  and it's like no no no it's no you can't
be like this These people are staying
with us and of course they put the
little animals Oh the little animals Now it turns
out that it's not a sanctuary it's an
animal farm a farm now they haven't been
fooling us all this
time a
farm you are the characters of
Shenon's farm but I didn't expect
Fran to have a
farm but no to me you have to Javi cu
we have to learn from you keep it up
you're the best kiss handsome What's going on have you
had a problem I'm not watching here
now let's see no
peepa you're not friends anymore Who aren't friends
enam nobody can put up with what you've put up with
with so much
dignity change the pppa say yes Marisa say
yes nobody can put up with what Peppa has put up with
with so much dignity what but it's
taken its toll on me it's taken its toll it's
taken its toll and she wanted to pass
Laura wanted to charge the bill not that
[Laughter] it would
happen to me send me something else again let's
see that that I hear me that they
stole it to
Who
Oh yes I've seen it I've seen it I've
seen that Aha a  and that he tagged and everything to the
equality government will be an [ __ ] and a
bastard well vo
shut up that just insulted me but by
the
face he just insulted me when I
wasn't even talking about her [ __ ] [ __ ]
Rodriguez Good afternoon u u Uy
pppa yes yes not even with dentures eh Not even with
dentures your tongue can be fixed eh Neither
with nor without today state if you want we'll
see it later later some
investigations that
lerl Well then if laser len has done them
those investigations have to
be quite interesting Peppa if
laser len has done them the other day we
saw him debating and the truth is that well
anyone would catch him in a bind
okay and I am completely convinced that he
will fix the issue of the CB in Thailand
okay they are after Fran and surely he will
fix it in a jiffy What a shame not to
have him on our side
because then we would have gotten Fran out in
24 hours or less instead of
officials between the haerlin and the unpa the
truth is that they keep us informed of
everything and he stays  one let's go Pati
diffuse yes brake brake Toñi brake
brake
esp Oy this What
is wait for you a moment and threatens
Fran with more lawsuits even for
sexual harassment this is brutal but it's
also Oy Speaking clearly this is
brutal Speaking clearly but if your friend
Javi Oliveira said that I sexually harassed him it's
not it wasn't brutal Oy
really but it's that
thank you Thank you rasel darling thank you thank you
very good thank you thank you I mean do you
see it do you remember what I taught
before Antonia's tweet
Joan's tweet and all this each one inside their own
thing that they have in their head Okay and and
their obsession and with what they live in their
day to day Okay well in each topic that
I'm involved in they put it together with
them okay They are eh how would it be
relating the other day the cani tillero
Okay what did he do relating it
also with something of his of no what
happened to the cane tillero what was what we
also shared that
Fran was reported that was before they
arrested him when Fran Lo
when Fran Lo  he reported yuji the
cane tillero put a tweet basically
the cantilla denouncing that well
relating that it was Dallas's fault
okay Well this one is with her thing
with her things and her
habis nobody said anything and now it's brutal
[ __ ] let's see explode explodes for francu
this I mean this is impressive let's
see everything I have
all my finances here he says it has been said
based on is it is
brutal brutal
brutal I
mean no no he takes it and starts reacting to the
video of Hablando claro no and and so on no
no let's see the news that is talking about
Fran de and or whatever no no no no he
starts to starts thinking about
such let's see because here
things are said then it's that it's not let's
see Pepa Who is pppa a girl who
can't face it right now let's
see what I wanted to know who He
had touched her Well look he touched
María de las merc today how good Maribel
G it's been a day since we saw her around here
Maribel fb
and bitter Monica says what a ball you are
I will laugh when you and
he set up another  Circus where
you are the traitor hahaha time will tell well
Monica it could be a good ending to telor
eh the truth is that it would get quite
intense and quite interesting that
episode eh yes yes the other day it formed I do
n't even want to imagine If that happened what
you're saying eh
Monica it would be brutal
How good how
good Ah this is this is a cool bron
exactly
toñi this Look well now I'm going to
read what yuji has posted
Oh Pepa the law of the funnel how do you
know you have to see
eh that a
well-known platform companion also although we don't talk to each other they
tell her that she is
sexually harassing another
platform companion and don't even say half I curse
all my mules and I [ __ ] some guys
and now it's brutal brutal brutal what
I've been through that is brutal
poor thing what she's been through what the
woman has been through that you didn't let her keep the
240 calm down eh you had to bring it to
light she had to run one
morning to donate it running eh For this
chair the
woman who has  posted all over Twitter
stealing from the police and everything Oh the poor thing screwed up
Oh what a shame what she's suffered eh
what she's suffered
and our Loli has also been
commenting on the
topic When when the Indian what
happens to him is that he has a trauma because he has
lived in an alcoholic and
drugged family and then he has a trauma And
then his trauma has to take him
somewhere he's a he's a firecracker of a
person when
pu good explanation Not
Indian We confirm or not Indian